(DOCS-2753) Remove 'very' and 'highly' from docs (#12577)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/control-sensitive-logs-data.md

* [Log Monitors][10] notifications when they include [Log Samples][11]. Check specifically for monitors triggered during the period when sensitive data was being sent.

> * [Livetail][12], where logs are viewed in real-time by your organization's users. There is no persistence beyond the 50 logs cached in browsers, and for broader queries, the result can be extremely sampled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Live Tail][12], where logs are viewed in real-time by your organization's users. There is no persistence beyond the 50 logs cached in browsers, and for broader queries, the result can be extremely sampled.
```
